docs: Conflicting name 'Route' in flame and flutter libraries in Rout… (#2438)
flame-engine/flame: doc/flame/router.md

class PauseRoute extends Route { ... }
```

```{note}

> Use `hide Route` if any of the imported packages have `Route()` in the same file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `hide Route` if any of your imported packages export another class called `Route`.
```
